
Rough outline:
- Open with a 10-15 minute scene focused on Zugusdeit, why she was quiet and/or missing. 
	- Possibility 1 for opening sequence: [[Murmuration (DM Reference)]], Zugusdeit's secretly sentient sword who is her patron, takes over in fear that Zugusdeit might die? Wanted to ensure her survival for its future plans of body control. 
		- While Murmuration was in control, Zugusdeit reliving a mental memory illusion?
		- Murmuration made Zugusdeit feel like she was in control, further showing just ho much powe Murmuration can gaslight and manipulate her.
	- Possibility 2: Zug was left behind in the barricaded prison room. Being the last one to start her decent, she perceived either slime mould on the ground leading from the barricaded door, or the door broke open and somehow the rest of the party did not notice the sound. Maybe that one guard who was able to cast sphere of silence reappears, mutated, and casts it right as the party went down? Silence doesnt block sound though.. i think. Then we can have this wild fight where Zugusdeit gets to be extremely overpowered and tear through enemies alone, fighting her way up to the governers house and 'snap out' of it as Murmuration brings Zug back to the party. 
		- When murmuration relinquishes control of Zug, there is a sudden realization that Zug was not the one making the decisions to get to where she is. Like being in a haze and working purely on instinct. Additionally, she can succeed a skill check to notice that the world is.. a bit more bleak, and.. quieter. That like white noise or tennitis, whispering in the back of her mind is almost completely silent and that is unsettling. Give disadvantage to constitution saving throws until a rest can be taken. 
		- Expansion on Zug battling her way up to the players, is an idea that they can see her fighting her way through the mansion from a courtyard Atrium.
- The players will need to battle through 2 or three encounters, receive some loot and meet [[Governer Richard Der'ier]] and either assist him or leave him in a moral choice due to his treatment of the prisoners. 
- Escape the now falling town of Secomber
- Hook into getting to the druid circle and discovering that the Mutated Mira is at the center of it, just as Arcturus had been shown by his patron- this should be where Session 9 Act 2 starts and will bring the finale of Act 2. 
	- Already hinted at this being the next step, as Holt lost Nola earlier and said she was going to find her mother. Rescue mission? 
