# Locked In
---

**Note for DM or AI summary (NOT PLAYER FACING KNOWLEDGE)**: the player for Zugusdeit was unable to attend this session, however due to the nature of the party being in a dark underground area, trying to stay quiet and alive, they failed to notice that Zugusdeit was unusually.. quiet and not attempting to be infront. Additionally Session 8 will expand on this with opportunity to reveal personal storyline for Zugusdeit regarding Murmuration.

---


Full outline of session 7 act 2: 
Our heroes find themselves with only a single exit, deeper into the jail cells as the deafening sound of foot steps upon the cold stone basement jail floor flood the halls. The only thing keeping the flood of creatures outside from being inside is a steel door locked and barricaded by the party once they retreated in. 

Johann wields his sword and shield, but still remains in his loincloth. Hams, Jinn, Arcturus and Zugusdeit collect their breath for only a moment before making the decision to go down the stairwell that leads to nothing but darkness as it appears to be their only point of retreat if the door were to break to the room. 

Once down the stairs, they are greeted with little more than hastily, half finished hallways and more cells, although empty. Tools and carts litter the sides, and various nocturnal vermin scuttle just beyond those who have darkvision. 

They realize they are in what appears to be a labrynth, one that is eerily silent and damp. One of the party members takes note of the sound of footfall from a direction to the south, and Arcturus calls out to them in attempt to communicate, hoping it is a humanoid with intelligence. They attempt to persuade the silent dark stalker who keeps themselves just outside of dark vision range to show themselves and to trust the party, but they fail to do convince. 

The person does provide response for a moment, informing them that there is a way out that doesnt require going back where they came. They also inform the party that there is noone else down here, they hope, as this was Secomber's prison expansion due to the lack of jail vacancy versus the amount of people being thrown in cells as of late. 

Eventually, they manage to find their way down a long downward sloping hallway, where the ceiling becomes uncomfortably close to their head. They manage to find the person in the dark, who turns out to be a prisoner, Drow, who was forced into labor after being imprisoned by the Secomber guards. He was one of many Drow or Druid who was falsely imprisoned and forced to help make more jail space. During the explosions upstairs, he was able to make his own escape and decided that trying to escape through the headquarters was a bad idea, and that taking his chances with the tunnels and exit that lay before them was likely the safest way to not wind up dead, he fled to the expansion and now was cornered by the party, wary of their claim to be friendly when they brandish weapons and have mutations.

Eventually the party discovers a series of levers, each needing to be pulled in specific order that the Drow was unsure of. If the right sequence was executed, a large security vault door would open revealing a elevator shaft inside, allowing them to escape the expansion and arrive within the heart of the Governers Mansion. 

Several failed attempts led to the hall starting to cave in, blocking off their escape if they failed one last time to execute the right sequence, and also crush them under the falling rocks and water starting to drain in. They managed to get it right on the final attempt, allowing the party to narrowly escape into the elevator, activate it and ascend up the shaft.

The drow, now getting a good look at them, absolutely feels terrified of them and as soon as the door opens, they are greeted not to guards, but the sound of battle with smoke in the air and a few guards running past the now open elevator door. The drow, unnamed, decided to take his chances and exit the elevator to flee, but by sheer bad luck, a stray throwing dagger hits the side of his head, entering his brain and killing him on the spot, ragdollling into the hallway. 

The players roll initiative. Session ends. 